LOGIN FUNTIONALITY  
(PASS) - Test for incorrect login:
Try to login with a username and password not stored in our database, "jrjiow" and "rfwweq". 
This should result in a message appearing reporting that the user is not found. 

(PASS) - Test for empty string:
Try to login with a empty strings.
This should result in a message appearing reporting that the user is not found.

(PASS) - Test for creating valid account:
Create an account called "Bro" with the password of "Bro". 
This should lead the client to start the game.


ACCOUNT CREATION
(PASS) - Test for creating existing account
Create an account with a username that already exists. 
This should lead to our game displaying a message that the account already exists. 

(PASS) - Test creating an account that does not exist
Attempt to create an account that does not exist. 
This should lead to the successful creation of the account, which is signified by the start of the game. 
After then exiting the game and attempting to log back in with this newly created account, the login should be successful.


ARMY DISPLAY
(PASS) - Test to see if the army display would cycle and be used correctly.
The army display, when clicked on, should successfully cycles through the available sprites. 
When the game starts, the chosen sprite should remain as your sprite for all members of that game.


SOUNDS
(PASS) - Test sounds
The sound should change between the main menu and the game, buttons should "boop" when pressed,
battles should properly sound out, marching successfully sounds, and the sounds should be able to be
increased and decreased.


SWIPES
(PASS) -  Test invalid swipes
When trying to swipe an army that is not the users, or onto a path it be able to access, it should not move the army.

(PASS) - Test valid swipes
Complex army swipes creating esoteric paths (from a node to another node back to the original node, and so on and so forth), 
should navigate as directed.

(PASS) - Test incomplete swipe
Try to swipe an army, then not complete the swipe. This should not initiate movement.
